are you sure yeah be an Avenger
first man to walk on the moon that'd be
something we've chosen a job so
difficult requiring so many
technological developments we're gonna
have to start from scratch
only after we mastered these tasks do we
consider trying to land on the moon
Neal if his flight is successful you'll
go down in history what kind of thoughts
do you have about that planning on the
flight being successful
[Music]
dan that is a big mother it'll go up
like a half kiloton a bomb if it blows
the vehicles not safe
to fail down here so we don't fail up
there this isn't just another trip Neal
you're not was going to work do you
think you coming back
there are risks but we have every
intention of coming back
somebody got a Swiss Army knife Swiss
Army knife do you question whether the
program is worth the cost in money in
unless you're down here and you look up
and you don't think about it too much a
space exploration changes your
perception and it allows us to see
things that we should have seen a long
time ago we have serious problems
we've got this under control you're a
bunch of boys you don't have anything
under control
you
[Music]